Sonic Maths is a library for modular synthesis on Linux. The eventual aim is
that it will be suitable for livecoding.

Requirements
------------
This depends on a compiler which supports C11 atomics.

Installation
------------
Link config.def.mk to config.mk, or copy config.def.mk to config.mk and edit
to match your local setup (this is installed under /usr/local by default).
Then enter the following commands:

	make
	sudo make install

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Some questions that have never been asked of me:

How stable is Sonic Maths?

Right now, Sonic Maths is in alpha. Mostly that just means that the API is not
completely stable.

Where can I send a bug report?

Please use the git project page at
http://github.com/ebuswell/sonicmaths/issues

I don't understand C. Can I still use Sonic Maths?

Yes! There is a pure data module available here:
http://github.com/ebuswell/smpd/

Will you include feature x?

Sonic maths is a little idiosyncratic as to the way Things Are Done. That
being said, I'm happy to include a new function if it fits with the overall
philosophy.

What's with the name, Sonic Maths?

The idea of this project is not so much analog modeling, but mathematical
simplicity. I'm not interested in matching either electronic circuits,
real-world sounds, nor in doing something in a very DSP-ish way (e.g. reverb
with comb filters). I guess the idea might be best described as
"continuum-modeling." I decided on "maths" (the British abbreviation) instead
of "math" because I like the idea that "math" could be plural. It certainly
seems that way when translating from continuous to discrete mathematics and
then back over and over again, inevitably drowning in the frequency/time
aporia, everything getting foggy and trancendental functions sprouting up like
mushrooms. After you've abandoned na√Øve hopes and become reconciled to this
impenetrable fogginess, the roots of mathematics couldn't possibly be other
than many things.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Sonic Maths is Copyright 2015 Evan Buswell

Sonic Maths is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, version 2.

Sonic Maths is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
Sonic Maths.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
